M0078DDG-457 Document tracing method invocation. (#359)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/advanceTrace.rst

.. This library is provided in source code for use, modification and test, subject to license terms.
.. Any modification of the source code will break MicroEJ Corp. warranties on the whole library.

..  _Advanced-Event-Tracing:

Advanced Event Tracing
######################

From an XPF version 7.17.0, MicroEJ Vee allows method execution to be profiled.
Two new hooks functions are used by the MicroEJ Vee:

- ``LLMJVM_MONITOR_IMPL_on_invoke_method`` called at the start of the method invocation.
- ``LLMJVM_MONITOR_IMPL_on_return_method`` called at the end of the method invocation.

But calling these hook functions each time a method is invoked can slow the whole application,
so these hook functions is not activated by default even when the trace is enabled and started.

To activate them you need:

- Enable and start the trace see here https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/ApplicationDeveloperGuide/trace.html?highlight=trace#event-recording
- Tell the Third-party linker program to redirect all calls to ``LLMJVM_invoke_method`` and ``LLMJVM_return_method`` symbols to respectively ``LLMJVM_invoke_method_with_trace`` and ``LLMJVM_return_method_with_trace`` symbols.

> Platform which use LD as linker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform using GNU LD linker
```

===============================

> Pass the following options to the LD linker program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following options to the LD linker command line
```

.. code-block:: sh

    --require-defined=LLMJVM_invoke_method_with_trace
    --defsym=LLMJVM_invoke_method=LLMJVM_invoke_method_with_trace
    --require-defined=LLMJVM_return_method_with_trace
    --defsym=LLMJVM_return_method=LLMJVM_return_method_with_trace

> Platform which use ILINK as linker (IAR)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform using IAR ILINK linker
```

========================================

> Pass the following options to the ILINK linker program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following options to the ILINK linker command line:
```

.. Copyright 2022 MicroEJ Corp. All rights reserved.
.. This library is provided in source code for use, modification and test, subject to license terms.
.. Any modification of the source code will break MicroEJ Corp. warranties on the whole library.

..  _Advanced-Event-Tracing:

Advanced Event Tracing
######################

Principle
=========

> MicroEJ allows method execution to be profiled, two new hooks functions are used for that:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MicroEJ allows method execution to be profiled. The following two new hooks functions are used for that:
```

- ``LLMJVM_MONITOR_IMPL_on_invoke_method`` called at the start of the method invocation.

> - ``LLMJVM_MONITOR_IMPL_on_return_method`` called at the end of the method invocation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``LLMJVM_MONITOR_IMPL_on_return_method`` called when returning from the invoked method.
```

> But calling these functions each time a method is invoked can slow the whole application,
> so these functions are not called by default when event tracing is enabled and started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Calling these functions each time a method is invoked can slow down the whole application,
so these functions are not called by default when event tracing is enabled and started.
```

.. note::
   This feature is available in the Architecture versions 7.17.0 or higher for the Applications deployed on hardware devices (not on Simulator).

> To activate them you need:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To activate them, you need to follow these steps:
```

- :ref:`Enable and start event tracing <event_enable_recording>`
- Tell the Third-party linker program to redirect all calls to ``LLMJVM_invoke_method`` and ``LLMJVM_return_method`` symbols to respectively ``LLMJVM_invoke_method_with_trace`` and ``LLMJVM_return_method_with_trace`` symbols.

> Platform using GNU LD linker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Platforms using GNU LD linker
```

============================

> Add the following options to the LD linker command line

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the following options to the LD linker command line:
```

.. code-block:: sh

    --require-defined=LLMJVM_invoke_method_with_trace
    --defsym=LLMJVM_invoke_method=LLMJVM_invoke_method_with_trace
    --require-defined=LLMJVM_return_method_with_trace
    --defsym=LLMJVM_return_method=LLMJVM_return_method_with_trace

> Platform using IAR ILINK linker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Platforms using IAR ILINK linker
```

.. Copyright 2022 MicroEJ Corp. All rights reserved.
.. This library is provided in source code for use, modification and test, subject to license terms.
.. Any modification of the source code will break MicroEJ Corp. warranties on the whole library.

..  _Advanced-Event-Tracing:

Advanced Event Tracing
######################

Principle
=========

> MicroEJ allows method execution to be profiled. The following two new hooks functions are used for that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroEJ Core Engine allows method execution to be profiled. The following two new hooks functions are used for that:
```

- ``LLMJVM_MONITOR_IMPL_on_invoke_method`` called at the start of the method invocation.
- ``LLMJVM_MONITOR_IMPL_on_return_method`` called when returning from the invoked method.

> Calling these functions each time a method is invoked can slow down the whole application,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling these functions each time a method is invoked will slow down the application execution,
```

so these functions are not called by default when event tracing is enabled and started.

.. note::
   This feature is available in the Architecture versions 7.17.0 or higher for the Applications deployed on hardware devices (not on Simulator).

To activate them, you need to follow these steps:

> - Enable and start the trace see here https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/ApplicationDeveloperGuide/trace.html?highlight=trace#event-recording

Reviewer: turn to internal link
